Fix possible ToolTask hang (#10297)
dotnet/msbuild: documentation/wiki/ChangeWaves.md

- [Convert.ToString during a property evaluation uses the InvariantCulture for all types](https://github.com/dotnet/msbuild/pull/9874)
- [Fix oversharing of build results in ResultsCache](https://github.com/dotnet/msbuild/pull/9987)
- [Add ParameterName and PropertyName to TaskParameterEventArgs](https://github.com/dotnet/msbuild/pull/10130)

> - [The ToolTask only waits to terminate for its child process](https://github.com/dotnet/msbuild/pull/10297)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [The ToolTask only waits for its child process to end before returning, instead of waiting for grandchildren](https://github.com/dotnet/msbuild/pull/10297)
```
